This is just a project being worked on, I figured the "tech" that is running it might be useful to other people. I know I found it hard to start with just getting a simple opengl sprite renderer up and running when I had very little knowledge of it, so here is my interpretation of it. There is many many bugs, it might not even work, it could be the most inefficient work yet, it could be utter shit... But it's my utter shit. Oh and possibly your utter shit if you want to use it. 

It requires SDL2-2.0.4 and glew, but the versions used are in the deps folder and are also linked to in the project file, relative to the solution folder so this should work on your machine. A linux version of this will come somewen, I just have to find the motivation to do so. Some people might wonder why I use these libraries and the reasons differ per-library... Glew is really just a convenience; I don't want to have to go through and put insane amounts of time into loading all the GL functions I need when I can just statically link this in no time. SDL2 is a little different, I have written platform code in the past, but I found it reasonably difficult to find good documentation / examples on X11 and as for Win32, well that is just a real pain to work with and all the different components don't all act in the same way so I just get overwhelmed. I am also very lazy... So very very lazy.

A lot of the features here are just there because I needed them at some point, none of them are full fleshed out.

My style for this code is sort of anything that works... I try to stay away from OOP because I find it leads me to wanting to abstract everything and that then takes up a majority of my time, when really I can be using that to be implementing features. I don't have anything against people who program using OOP design (having done it for the majority of my programming experience), but I think this method I currently use is the one that works for me. A large portion of it is inspired by Casey Muratori's design, but I do it in my own way. I try to keep memory allocations / freeing per-frame to an absolute minimum and just keep them outside of the main loop, just allocating at the start and freeing at the end.

(Please excuse any spelling / grammar mistakes)